Xdr alert mrroring (#33685)
demisto/content: Packs/CortexXDR/ReleaseNotes/6_1_29.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks Cortex XDR - Investigation and Response

> - Added a functionality to the outgoing mirroring flow which update alerts of an incident when an incident is closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a functionality to the outgoing mirroring flow that updates alerts of an incident when an incident is closed.
```

> - Added a command xdr-update-alert.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the ***xdr-update-alert*** command.
```
